The paper is clearly written and well presented. The authors extend
their recently paper I. R. Manchester and J. J. E. Slotine, “Control
Contraction Metrics: Convex and Intrinsic Criteria for Nonlinear
Feedback Design,” IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control, vol. 62, pp.
3046–3053, June 2017, to include the result of Theorem 2 and Corollary
1, as well as scalability considerations as part of Section IV. In
brief, the design of nonlinear controllers comes down to first solving
the system of matrix inequalities (equation 12), which can be made more
scalable using arguments on the clique tree. 

My main concern is about the novelty of this work. The authors could
clarify their contribution better, with respect to the previous work
mentioned above. The authors could clarify the benefits of their
results when it comes to control design, again with respect to their
previous work. 

The authors could suggest an engineering application for their result
as opposed to the artificial agent dynamics considered (system (4)),
particularly because the paper is being considered for publication in
IEEE TCNS. This would allow the authors to give more perspective to the
scalability considerations. Such an addition to the paper may address
the novelty concern. 

Some literature is missing, e.g., among others, the work on the use of
matrix measures and norms for the design of nonlinear controllers “A
Contraction Approach to the Hierarchical Analysis and Design of
Networked Systems”. The authors could be more exhaustive in citing the
“non-Lyapunov” literature.
  
Please correct typos, e.g. “define $\Pi_i$ as the”.
